DOC: enhance documentation for first-time users (#191)
htcondor/htmap: docs/source/tips-and-tricks.rst

.. py:currentmodule:: htmap

.. _cli-tips:

> Separate job submission/monitoring/collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separate Job Submission/Monitoring/Collection
```

> ---------------------------------------------

Author: I'm not sure this section is accurate and that it's actually a tip/trick. Can you review this section?

> The CLI is useful to monitor and modify ongoing jobs. Generally, in simple use
> cases the HTMap developers write three scripts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI is useful to monitor and modify ongoing jobs. Generally, in simple use
cases we recommend writing two or three scripts:
```

* A script for job submission (which is run once).

> * A script for monitoring jobs (which is run many times).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the CLI or a script for monitoring jobs (which is run many times).
```

* A script to collect results (which is a few times).

Each script uses these commands:

* Submission: HTMap's Python API is primarily used here, possibly through
  :func:`map`.

> * Monitoring: CLI usage is heavy here, and the command ``htmap status`` is
>   heavily used. If any of the jobs fail, it's easy to diagnose why with the
>   additional commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Monitoring: CLI usage is heavy here. 
  ``htmap status`` is a good way to view a summary. 
  If any of the jobs fail, diagnose why with
  commands like ``htmap reasons`` or ``htmap errors``.
```

* Collection: the completed jobs are collected (as mentioned in
  :ref:`successful-jobs`) and the results are written to disk/etc.

> Use of the CLI is useful for debugging when any of the scripts produces an
> error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI is useful for debugging when dealing with component holds and execution errors.
It can be used to quickly view the same kind of information as the :class:`Map` API
(though we recommend loading up the map in Python once you need to do anything
more complex than read text).
```

Use the CLI
-----------

> This will reveal the status of each job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CLI command will show the status of each of your maps:
```

.. code:: shell

>    htmap status  # See info on each job, and various tags

Reviewer: maybe a note about `htmap status --live` as well?

> These commands will reveal more information about each job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands will show more information about individual maps and map components:
```

.. code::

   htmap logs  # get path to log file; info here is useful for debugging
   htmap components foo  # view which component status for tag "foo"
   htmap errors foo # view all errors for tag "foo"

>    htmap stdout foo 0  # view stdout for first job of tag "foo"
>    htmap stderr foo 0  # view stdout for first job of tag "foo"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   htmap stdout foo 0  # view stdout for first component of tag "foo"
   htmap stderr foo 0  # view stdout for first component of tag "foo"
```

    # True [((0,), {}), ((2,), {}), ((4,), {}), ((6,), {}), ((8,), {})]
    # False [((1,), {}), ((3,), {}), ((5,), {}), ((7,), {}), ((9,), {})]

> Conditional Execution on Cluster vs. Submit

Reviewer: Did this get moved somewhere else? I have actually had a use for this. I think it's probably rarely going to be necessary, but this seems as good a place as any to stash it.

Author: Yeah, I show it as being in the same file but moved down a bit: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/pull/191/files#diff-715600acf23027618322ceb355f10715R74-R78
